Safety instructions Before you install or operate the device, you must read the safety information. Obey the instructions in this manual to prevent injuries, or damage to the equipment. This manual contains CAUTIONS and NOTES that are applicable for the safe operation of the device. A CAUTION symbol identifies conditions that can cause injury, or damage to the equipment. DO NOT USE unless all cautionary conditions listed below have been understood and met. A NOTE symbol identifies important information for trouble free and optimal of the Refill Station. Safety information Installation of the refill station must comply with all applicable local regulations and plumbing codes. Contact your Bluewater dealer if you have questions. The Refill Station must be electrically grounded. Do not under any circumstances, cut, remove or bypass the grounding plug. The Refill Station must be plugged in directly to a wall outlet. Do not plug the unit into an electrical outlet controlled by a wall switch. Do not use an extension cord. This Refill Station is designed to operate on standard residential voltage (220-240V ~ 50Hz or 60Hz). Use a circuit equipped with a 15 amp fuse. A dedicated circuit is not required. Power cords should not pass through walls. Ensure that the power cable and the power plug are not at risk of getting damaged. To avoid hazard, a damaged power cable must always be replaced by the manufacturer, service agent or similarly qualified person. Do not alter the power plug in any way. If the plug does not fit into the outlet, contact qualified personnel to install the proper outlet. If the appliance is damaged or malfunctions, turn it off, disconnect it from the power supply and contact your dealer. Discard the packing material. It can cause injury to children if they play with it. Destroy or recycle the carton, plastic bags and any exterior wrapping material immediately. 7 © Bluewater Group 2023 This appliance can be used by children who are more than 8 years old. It can also be used by persons with reduced physical, sensory, or mental capabilities or lack of experience and knowledge, if they have been given supervision or instruction about the use of the appliance in a safe way and understand the hazards involved. Cleaning and user maintenance shall not be made by children without supervision. Children shall not play with the appliance. Do not let children abuse, sit, stand or play on or around the Refill Station. A wall mounting bracket kit is included to reduce the tipping hazard. Do not place any objects on top of or directly against the appliance. Do not sit on, stand, climb onto or hang from the appliance. Do not submerge the refill station in water. Do not cover the air intakes. We recommend only approved technicians, distributors or Bluewater service personnel perform installations, servicing and repairs on the Refill station. If not performed adequately, this can make it operate incorrectly, and lead to injury and damage not covered by warranty. Do not attempt to disconnect the external water plumbing or do not do work on them yourself. Speak to your Bluewater dealer for aid if you must disconnect water tubes. Make sure that hoses, tubing, and electrical cords can move freely when the Refill station is installed. Only use original replacement parts from Bluewater. For the spare parts and purchase information, contact your Bluewater dealer. 